updating docs (#279)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/forms/basics.mdx

import { Video } from './../src/docs/videos';

## How to use it?

Eighshift Forms is a WordPress plugin that allows you to create forms in a visual way. It is based on the [Gutenberg editor](https://wordpress.org/gutenberg/).
At this point this plugin is still not a part of the WordPress repository, so you will need to install it manually.

To install it you should:
1. Open our GitHub repository [Eighshift Forms](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-forms/releases) and find the latest release.
2. Under the assets find the `release.zip` and download it to you project folder.
3. Ufter you unzip it it will be available in you WordPress admin under the `plugins` section.
4. Activeate the plugin and you are ready to go.

![GitHub screen](/img/forms/releases.webp)

## Terminogy

> We will use some terms in this documentation that you should be familiar with.
> * **Form** - A form is a collection of fields that are used to collect data from the user.
> * **Field** - A field is a single input element that is used to collect data from the user.
> * **Form listing**  - Admin listing page where you can see all the forms that are created.
> * **Locations** - Locations are used to define where the form will be displayed on the frontend.
> * **Edit form** - Edit form is a page where you can edit a single form.
> * **Trashed forms** - Trashed forms are forms that are deleted but not permanently deleted.
> * **Form settings** - Settings that are used to define one form behaviour.
> * **Global settings** - Settings that are used to define all forms behaviour.
> * **Admin top bar** - Admin top bar is a bar that is displayed on the top of the page when you are editing a form.
> * **Form quick menu bar** - Form quick menu bar is a bar that is displayed on the rigth of your form on the frontend when you are logged in.
> * **Form picker block** - Form picker block is a block that is used to select a form on the frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will use some terms in this documentation that you should be familiar with.
* **Form** - a collection of fields that used to collect data from the user
* **Field** - single data input element
* **Form listing**  - list of all created forms
* **Locations** - list of places a form is used on the website
* **Edit form** - allows editing a form
* **Trashed forms** - list of forms that are marked as deleted (but not yet deleted permanently)
* **Form settings** - settings for a specific form
* **Global settings** - settings shared between all forms
* **Admin bar** - a collection of buttons and indicators displayed on the top of the admin area
* **Form quick menu bar** - menu with shortcut buttons for easy access to functions like editing the form or changing its settings, shown only when logged in
* **Form picker block** - block that allows selecting a form that will be displayed on the frontend
```
